Adding note about the supported input output options (#95077)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-sql-edge/create-external-stream-transact-sql.md

    The staging area for high-throughput data ingestion into Azure Synapse Analytics
    - Reserved for future usage. Does not apply to Azure SQL Edge.

> For more information about the input and ouput options supported corresponding to the data source type, please see [Azure Stream Anaylytics - Input Overview](../stream-analytics/stream-analytics-add-inputs.md) and [Azure Stream Anaylytics - Outputs Overview](../stream-analytics/stream-analytics-define-outputs.md) respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about supported input and output options corresponding to the data source type, see [Azure Stream Analytics - Input Overview](../../stream-analytics/stream-analytics-add-inputs.md) and [Azure Stream Analytics - Outputs Overview](../../stream-analytics/stream-analytics-define-outputs.md) respectively.
```
links didn't work. - trying to fix.
